Add future warning for focal loss shape and clarify use in documentat… (#1275)
awslabs/graphstorm: docs/source/cli/model-training-inference/configuration-run.rst

    - Yaml: ``save_prediction_path: /data/infer-output/predictions/``
    - Argument: ``--save-prediction-path /data/infer-output/predictions/``
    - Default value: If not provided, it will be the same as save_embed_path.
- **class_loss_func**: Node/Edge classification loss function. Builtin loss functions include ``cross_entropy`` and ``focal``.

>   Setting this to ``focal`` will user the focal loss function defined in `Focal Loss for Dense Object Detection <https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.02002>`_,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Setting this to ``focal`` will use the focal loss function defined in `Focal Loss for Dense Object Detection <https://arxiv.org/abs/1708.02002>`_,
```

  which is designed for imbalanced binary classification problems.
  When using focal loss, you may want to adjust the values of the **gamma** and **alpha** loss parameters to best fit your data.

    - Yaml: ``class_loss_func: cross_entropy``
    - Argument: ``--class-loss-func focal``
    - Default value: ``cross_entropy``

    .. note::

        Focal loss can only be used for binary classification problems.
        Currently, focal loss produces predictions with shape ``(N, 1)``, where ``N`` is the number of target nodes/edges.

>         In ``v0.5.0`` this will change to produce predictions with shape ``(N, 2)`` to match the cross-entropy loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        In ``v0.5.0`` this may be changed to produce predictions with shape ``(N, 2)`` to match the cross-entropy loss.
```
